I see the people here again in the
car I'm just on the way to walk
to saturday 9 and i have been so long
waited for this date and if so
For nearly two weeks so nervous and
could not do the last two days
sleep more properly in the mind
that's why I decided that
I cut off my hair
I'll show you again
stop
real
We'll go over the course in
italy a
and
yes i will do it i am totally
nervous and am pleased and excited
Yes
I watch times I have what movie can have
I can cut you something or you
Just show how it feels after that
looks and yes
lie as you can see have it
actually done
I am now speaking from the hairdressing
and they are off
I'll try to show from behind
otherwise I'll do it again
home again , the other side
yes, that's what the hair looks like now
I am super happy that I am off
I did it, that's fine
and yes let's see how it is now
so wash and fill and style and
no idea I have the hairdresser just
something else bought from redcoon wanted
I try it all the time
and because there was such a small sample
for 790 as a shampoo is inside a
Conditioner and a cure and I think so
totally great because the sizes really great
are for testing and you do not need
much less with this one
hair length and I'm looking forward excited
I'm not just super mega doll over
the hair but also about it
and I will try it out